README.md, before:

# README Generator

## Description
This project is an app that can be used to generate a professional readme file from asking the user questions in the terminal where the answers will fill out the read me file

![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:
* npm i

## Usage
To use the repo the user must first install dependencies by typing in npm i into the terminal and pressing enter. Once this is done the user can type in node index.js into the terminal and press enter, then they will be asked various questions which can be filled in and submitted by pressing enter. Once this is done the read me file will be generated using these answers


## License
Ths project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
To contribute to the repo please get in contact with the repo owner, the details are below

## Tests
To run tests, run the following command:
* npm test

## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at M-lightfoot@hotmail.com. You can find more of my work at [Mtlightfoot](https://github.com/Mtlightfoot).

Commit message:

Added link to video to README file

README.md, after:

# README Generator

## Description
This project is an app that can be used to generate a professional readme file from asking the user questions in the terminal where the answers will fill out the read me file

![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:
* npm i

## Usage
To use the repo the user must first install dependencies by typing in npm i into the terminal and pressing enter. Once this is done the user can type in node index.js into the terminal and press enter, then they will be asked various questions which can be filled in and submitted by pressing enter. Once this is done the read me file will be generated using these answers

## Usage - Video
Please click link below to take you to a video showing how to use the app
[Video Demonstration](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wc3R_tEYQiSYFiPAWSeULF5p8Pwp7qzB/view?usp=sharing)

## License
Ths project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
To contribute to the repo please get in contact with the repo owner, the details are below

## Tests
To run tests, run the following command:
* npm test

## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at M-lightfoot@hotmail.com. You can find more of my work at [Mtlightfoot](https://github.com/Mtlightfoot).
